In Nehemiah’s day, the Jews joyfully embarked
on a massive building project.
With Jehovah’s direction and help,
they were able to finish the work
in just 52 days.
You look like you’ve been working.
During the production of the film
Nehemiah:
“The Joy of Jehovah Is Your Stronghold,”
the walls of Jerusalem were built once again,
but this time at the Mount Ebo studios
in Brewster, New York.
A variety of skills were needed
to produce this drama
with many volunteers coming together,
using their time, energy, and abilities
to create an accurate teaching tool.
And they found great joy in their work.
Good planning was needed
right at the start of production.
Every day began with a Scriptural discussion
and prayer.
The costume and makeup departments
prepared the actors to appear on set.
Assistance was provided to help actors
feel more comfortable
in front of the cameras.
And action!
Brothers, please.
Have they attacked anyone yet?
They must have.
No! But they will.
While the production team
was filming in one studio,
sets were being prepared in another.
To add to the realism,
detailed props were made
—many using 3D printing.
With all of these researched
and crafted costumes,
sets, and props combined,
environments were designed
to accurately recreate the time period.
But even more was needed
to convey what it was like
to live in Jerusalem during Nehemiah’s day.
For example, there were many animals on set.
Even after principal filming was completed,
sets built in the studio were extended
using advanced visual effects.
Digital construction work was done
by the visual effects team.
Yes, building is a legacy of God’s people.
Nehemiah was one of many
who throughout history
devoted their energies
to supporting the work of building.
In a similar way,
the production team that made
Nehemiah:
“The Joy of Jehovah Is Your Stronghold,”
joyfully worked hard to produce a film
that helps build love and appreciation
in the hearts of God’s people.